MicroPythonator semestral topic (#164)
cvut/MI-PYT: semestralka.adoc

==== Point of contact

mailto:ondrej.caletka@cesnet.cz[Ondřej Caletka]

=== MicroPythonator

Design and implement an application that allows mass flashing and testing of ESP8266/ESP32 devices with MicroPython.
The user provides an image with MicroPython and a script to run on the flashed devices.
When a new device is plugged in, it gets immediately flashed and the script is run on the device.

> When the script exists cleanly or errors, signalize it on the device appropriately via the builtin LED.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the script exists cleanly or errors, signalize it on the device appropriately (for example via the builtin LED).
```

 * use existing free software tools to flash individual devices
 * asynchronously run the flashing in parallel
 * provide an user interface for the tool (GUI, TUI or web UI)

>    * it lets the user select the image, the script and configure the LED signals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * it lets the user select the image, the script and configure how success/failure is signaled
```
